we are here with another video of
received but today will not be the month
it will be from a specific store that brk
and there you can find infinity of
things especially if you like
bands or TV series animes all
these things and there are also many
cool accessories then I go
start showing the products or the
first I'm using here that I
customize with a beach icon that
It's even going to be a tattoo for me.
in a while
It's just you, where it's still all the
they are well made and woven
white and it is very soft and sure
It's very good I blinked because I've already played
by sex and cheating there are some things
that come from China that we have to
caring, when will we wash them?
for the machine not to make too much force
because they are much more sensitive than
that the clothes here I did not choose this
ticket because the substitute for
britney is my people is show the
Corinthian print did not become the
The second thing I got I thought was fine.
cool
was this one this little regatinha that says
that has the chest in front with the
bones
they also have the same all have the
same material 67 polyester 33% viscose
is promoting why it is
It's so cute, you know.
and another comes with very good smell
things normally do not have
a good smell but that same smell good
so it's very expensive very good another
thing that was the first thing I
I have actually been this one of the
the walking dead serious guy such I have
several actually right riot
I had the one of the walking dead there myself.
I almost cried I wanted to take this ours.
very beautiful such was the project
walking dead from the south
this one also has the same material
33 polyester and 67 not 33 thousand schools ee
67 polyester will make future looks
with her and I think that entering a
A little because it's cold here too.
You too, the warmth everyone
short sleeve good
the next one is a baby look of breaking
and just looks bad it is well colored to
Who likes break berna I'm crazy.
for breaking bed so I had to have a
and here are several things you can
the fourth merten radius of Borboletinha
of the barrel scheme a bellbell uses
that one we had yes in high thing that
very cool that makes several references
and design and do not want to save a break
I think it's beautiful and damn good coin.
To use these mouths seriously, I'm crazy.
next item they sent was like this.
I had it here and it's from caveirinha it
ties so fifth and he's well
nice little debate with a good touch
little more feminine for the kiss and it's
cool to use I'll talk again of
short with high waist because neither am I
of the cultural shorts book that looks beautiful
on the fourth with the shirt inside the
pants inside the shorts looks cool and
elastic
the next thing these pantyhose
actually in the woods and pantyhose type one
so I can not use it with the
but not from the outside because the
ass saw people and she's like that
appears white but is not type a color
crude raw type so with the lists
and she has and she 's open here in the foot
hence the drama or 6 gives one a sneaker
shoe I do not know there goes the taste of each one
and it's worth a lot for the people
little things is this exploding set of
command the first time on the site for me
take a look i had not seen this
Seriously and when I saw I thought not to
I'm all for the death note, I need
but then he is very fluffy photo in all
the teams of all the little dolls and have
also this soul funk case and that is
very cool and it is well on the big boy
We will see here fits a lot has
I'm going to put all my things
inside I did not take the label to invent
but this is for take out and last
these tiaras dispachantes that I already had
made a spike tiara its same but
not so cool because she did not have
so much spike so here it is but it has
the finer countries of those I
I had but I thought it was very handsome.
very lovely filled line from
first, there were people looking at each other
so the weather knows, but finally
people and for those who have this style more
rock so the executive of the
bands is the right place for you to buy
your quality band t-shirts
much higher than many places without
speak that the freight for all Brazil and
nine real very cheap and serious and has
Several promotions are going on there.
cool
So that's it, folks, I'll leave the
links here underneath all products
I also received the link from the store to
You'll see if you still do not know me.
subscribe here on the channel to follow
everything before everyone else knows
the blog that is www.china.com.cn r
goes from there